a remote peak this is not what we saw
from the helicopter
an empty hotels place is sweet works
were six from the most insane
individuals in extreme sports
let's go it's the perfect place
to have some fun there
go roll around in the snow naked yeah
and shoot some film we're gonna do a
side shot American movies chupi chupi
big bang making a movie we're doing a
commercial but it's also the perfect I
doubt alone there's still three days but
to make a film for a group of terrorists
I love American film bang bang GGG
partying at the unthinkable
just kill them I read about this guy in
the paper
he's one of the most wanted war
criminals
we had another reason why snowboarding
is better than skis
CIA first Hollywood